sweep screaking; or jumbled-up voices, it was so
still, and sounds come so far; and by and by you
could see a streak on the water which you know by
the look of the streak that there’s a snag there in
a swift current which breaks on it and makes that
streak look that way; and you see the mist curl up
off of the water, and the east reddens up, and the
river, and you make out a log cabin in the edge of
the woods, away on the bank on t’other side of the
river, being a wood-yard, likely, and piled by them
cheats so you can throw a dog through it anywheres;
then the nice breeze springs up, and comes fanning
you from over there, so cool and fresh and sweet to
smell on account of the woods and the flowers; but
sometimes not that way, because they’ve left dead
fish laying around, gars and such, and they do get
pretty rank; and next you’ve got the full day, and
everything smiling in the sun, and the song-birds
just going it!

A little smoke couldn’t be noticed now, so we would
take some fish off of the lines and cook up a hot breakfast.
And afterwards we would watch the lonesomeness
of the river, and kind of lazy along, and by and
by lazy off to sleep. Wake up by and by, and look to
see what done it, and maybe see a steamboat coughing
along up-stream, so far off towards the other side
you couldn’t tell nothing about her only whether she
was a stern-wheel or side-wheel; then for about an
hour there wouldn’t be nothing to hear nor nothing
to see – just solid lonesomeness. Next you’d see a
raft sliding by, away off yonder, and maybe a galoot
on it chopping, because they’re most always doing
